git flow: add page (#3775)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-flow.md

# git flow

> > A collection of Git extensions to provide high-level repository operations for Vincent Driessen's branching model.

Reviewer: Is it really important to add "Vincent Driessen's branching model" ? I think the meaning still stands without it.

Author: true

> More information: <https://github.com/nvie/gitflow>.

> - Start using git-flow by initializing it inside an existing git repository:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps it would be better:
```suggestion
- Initialize it inside an existing git repository:
```

`git flow init`

> - Start developing a new feature. It creates a new branch based on develop:

Reviewer: How about "Start developing a new feature by creating a new branch" ?

Author: I think "Start developing on a feature branch based on `develop`" is good

> `git flow feature start <feature>`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`git flow feature start {feature}`
```

Or even `feature_name`.

> - Finish development of a feature, which will merge it into develop, remove the feature branch and switch to develop:

Reviewer 3: Could this be explained a bit simpler?

Reviewer 4: Hrm, this is a tricky one to word concisely. Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Finish development on a feature branch, merging it into the `develop` branch and deleting it:
```

> `git flow feature finish <feature>`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`git flow feature finish {feature}`
```

Or even `feature_name`.

> - Publish a feature to the remote server so others can work on it too:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Publish a feature to the remote server so other users can work on it too:
```

Just to be consistent.

Reviewer: I think we can just remove "so others can work on it too" part.

Reviewer 2: Totally agree with @agnivade.

> `git flow feature publish <feature>`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`git flow feature publish {feature}`
```

Or even `feature_name`.

- Get a feature published by another user:

> `git flow feature pull origin <feature>`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`git flow feature pull origin {feature}`
```

Or even `feature_name`.
